[点击前往中文部分](#常量)

# *constant*

Many language is allow users to change the ***value*** of an [pointer](2#pointer), where such a pointer is a ***quantity***. Almost all the programming languages but functional ones sort the "***quantity***" and "***value***". (For example, the `pointer` in `C` is a type of ***quantity*** (like `int*`), and the `address` in `C` is the type of ***value***)

However, here, `gm` is a language basing on the mathematics, in which we don't differ the *quantities* and *values*. I cannot stand to use the same identifier to represent different meanings in the same situation. Therefore, all the definitions are immutable in `gm`. 

In addition, thanks to the immutability, I can make the order of definitions irrelevant. 

People use the `constant` means the pointer 

# *temporary*

(I used the word *variable*, but it is confusing. The concept of [variable]() in `erlang` has the similar meaning with the `temporary` here.)

In some other languages, they may define some quantities (programing language) or use some pronouns (natural language) in one sentence, and the same word may have the totally meaning when it appears next time. In some programming language, the function or the block of a inside-defined variable (local variable) and the file of a inside-defined variable (global variable) is named "scope of the variable". The temporaraies pick this property with the closest bracket region including it as scope, and it cannot be accessed from the outside by any way.

Another important concept about the temportory is [`quantifier`](#quantifier), which can be used to define a temporary.

# *quantifier*

The build-in quantifiers are `∀`, `∃` and `!`, which means "for all", "there exist" and "none of" respectively.

[Page Up](2) | [Home](Home#content-----目录) | [Page Down](4)

---

# 常量

# 时量（临时量）

[上页](2) | [首页](Home#content-----目录) | [下页](4)

[返回顶部](#)